New Resource: `azurerm_api_management_logger` (#2994)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_logger.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_logger"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-api-management-logger"
description: |-

>   Manages an API Management Logger.

Reviewer: for consistency with the other APIM resources could we make this:

```suggestion
  Manages a Logger within an API Management Service.
```

---

# azurerm_api_management_logger

> Manages an API Management Logger.

Reviewer: for consistency with the other APIM resources could we make this:

```suggestion
Manages a Logger within an API Management Service.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West US"
}

resource "azurerm_application_insights" "example" {
  name                = "example-appinsights"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  application_type    = "Other"
}

resource "azurerm_api_management" "example" {
  name                = "example-apim"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  publisher_name      = "My Company"
  publisher_email     = "company@terraform.io"

  sku {
    name     = "Developer"
    capacity = 1
  }
}

resource "azurerm_api_management_logger" "example" {
  name                = "example-logger"
  api_management_name = "${azurerm_api_management.example.name}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"

>   description         = "This logger is created by Terraform."

Reviewer: since `description` is optional could we remove it from this example? we've [got a TODO](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/master/examples/todo.txt#L9) to add some additional examples for API Management once the other resources have been added

  application_insights {
    instrumentation_key = "${azurerm_application_insights.example.instrumentation_key}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Logger, which must be unique within the API Management Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: since this is referring to the RG of an existing APIM Service - we can phrase this as:

```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `api_management_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `eventhub` - (Optional) An `eventhub` block is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `eventhub` - (Optional) An `eventhub` block as documented below.
```

> * `application_insights` - (Optional) An `application_insights` block is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `application_insights` - (Optional) An `application_insights` block as documented below.
```

> * `buffered` - (Optional) Indicates whether records are buffered in the Logger before publishing. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: we tend to phrase Boolean's with an explanation of what they do in an active sense, e.g.:

```suggestion
* `buffered` - (Optional) Specifies whether records should be buffered in the Logger prior to publishing. Defaults to `true`.
```

* `buffered` - (Optional) Indicates whether records are buffered in the Logger before publishing. Defaults to `true`.

> * `description` - (Optional) A description of this Logger.

Reviewer: can we sort these Optional values alphabetically?

---

An `eventhub` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of an `azurerm_eventhub`.

Reviewer: This isn't necessarily managed by Terraform - so this needs to be:

```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of an EventHub.
```

> * `connection_string` - (Required) The connection string of an `azurerm_eventhub_namespace`.

Reviewer: This isn't necessarily managed by Terraform - so this needs to be:

```suggestion
* `connection_string` - (Required) The connection string of an EventHub Namespace.
```

presumably this could also be the connection string scoped to this EventHub rather than to the EventHub Namespace?

Author: This should be the connection string to the namespace, you can specify the eventhub name in `eventhub.name` attribute.

---

> An `application_insights` block supports the following:

Reviewer: _minor_ could we move this block above the `eventhub` block so that it's also sorted alphabetically?

> * `instrumentation_key` - (Required) The instrumentation key of an `azurerm_application_insights`.

Reviewer: This isn't necessarily managed by Terraform - so this needs to be:

```suggestion
* `instrumentation_key` - (Required) The instrumentation key used to push data to Application Insights.
```
